hi welcome to chocolate pimienta today I
will show you how to make a delicious
beef pouquinho or it's too here are the
ingredients to make a bit foggy no we're
going to start the recipe by chopping
the bacon and the beef then we're going
to chop the carrot and onion and peel
the garlic
we're going to put a pan in a meeting
kid and then we gotta cook the bacon
when bacon is completely brown golden
brown so deliciously we're going to
remove the bacon from the pan and then
we can excel them me try the beef in
paper towels it will not brown if it
dumped sauteed in a few pieces of time
in hot oil and bacon fat until lightly
browned on all sides
I know I know these step is very tedious
very severe importance look this
beautiful piece of meat golden brown
okay we're going to remove this pieces
of meat from the pan and we're going to
add a little bit more of olive oil then
we're going to put the vegetables and we
going to tell them for about five
minutes no more than that then we're
gonna add them meet and debate
we're going to combine all the
ingredients very well and we're going to
season with a little bit of salt and
pepper to taste sprinkle on the flour
and toes again to go to be slightly with
the flour good for about ten minutes
now a drink cups of beef or chicken room
then add the red one finally add garlic
thyme the belly and the tomato paste
cover the casserole and set in lower
third of the preheated oven regulate
heat so liquid simmer very slowly for 20
half to three hours to make the
mushrooms put in a escalade 2 tablespoon
of butter then add the mushrooms and
cook until they are golden brown season
with a little bit of salt and pepper I
reserve on to the de l'union it's
completely done now add the mushrooms to
the book for you and kick from about ten
minutes more
serve your boob yawn and enjoy garnish
with a little bit of time and I hope you
enjoy the recipe please follow me on my
social network heavenly and your recipe
for this and more recipes is in
chocolate in Tabasco remember to
subscribe bye